docs: finalise `docs-snippets` (#3369)
FuelLabs/fuels-ts: apps/docs/README.md

# `docs`

**docs** is a private package for the Fuel documentation site.

## Table of contents

- [`docs`](#docs)
- [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Building](#building)
  - [Testing](#testing)

## Building

The build process will build out our snippets and the documentation.

```sh
pnpm build
```

> The snippets are built into testable scripts from the `src/snippets` folder and generates the Typegen types into the `src/snippets/typegend` folder. All test scripts end with a `.test.ts` suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build process generates testable scripts from the snippets and outputs them alongside the snippets. The corresponding Typegen types are also generated and outputted in the `src/snippets/typegend` folder. All test scripts end with a `.test.ts` suffix.
```

Author: 6b0b25fac334db850d032d28cd5b713438f9cb3f

## Testing

> This will build the snippets and run the generated tests. To test a specific environment (`node` or `browser`), the snippet should be named as `{name}.{environment}.test.ts`. e.g. `deploy-contract.node.test.ts`

Reviewer: We had [discussed this before ](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuels-ts/pull/3297/files/088d76810196f7dc38cd3d086ff1163c5444d124#r1804062940)on a previous PR but essentially @danielbate made the point about us standardizing how we want to specify test environments by continuing to use the _group_ comments as opposed to using file suffixes. I think we should perhaps continue in that vain.

Author: 6b0b25fac334db850d032d28cd5b713438f9cb3f
